Add documentation for check geometry: Small segments (#10157)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/checkgeometry.rst

       Optional
     - ``OUTPUT``
     - [vector: same as input]

       Default: ``[Skip output]``
     - Specification of the output layer with short segments.
       :ref:`One of <output_parameter_widget>`:

       .. include:: ../algs_include.rst
          :start-after: **layer_output_types_skip**
          :end-before: **end_layer_output_types_skip**

Advanced parameters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Tolerance**
     - ``TOLERANCE``
     - [numeric: integer]

       Default: 8
     - Numerical precision of geometric operations, given as an integer n,
       meaning that two vertices less than 10\ :sup:`-n` apart (in map units)
       are considered to be merged.

Outputs
.......

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Short segments errors**
     - ``ERRORS``
     - [vector: point]
     - Output point layer representing the error locations and information
       (the ID and name of the input layer, the geometry part,

>        ring and vertex index of the erroneous feature,

Reviewer: Yes, vertex index counting is per feature. I think I get an answer from your screenshot, but i"m not sure I understand your reply to my question, so allow me to reformulate: if in your feature on the left, the first segment is long enough, so that the error occurs only on the second segment, will its gc_vertidx be 1 or 2? And what would that value represent on/for the input feature?

>        ring and vertex index of the erroneous feature,

Reviewer: As of a vertex on the feature, "2" represents the Id of third vertex on the feature, but also the id of the end point of the (error) small segment in the feature. Why the end point and not the start point of the segment? Need to look at the code but I guess the feature is split at the vertices and each segment is assigned vertex where it got split. Vertex 1 for first segment, vertex 2 for 2nd segment, ...

>        ring and vertex index of the erroneous feature,

Reviewer: No images displayed.

Advanced parameters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Tolerance**
     - ``TOLERANCE``
     - [numeric: integer]

       Default: 8
     - Numerical precision of geometric operations, given as an integer n,
       meaning that two vertices less than 10\ :sup:`-n` apart (in map units)
       are considered to be merged.

Outputs
.......

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Short segments errors**
     - ``ERRORS``
     - [vector: point]
     - Output point layer representing the error locations and information.
       Other than the ``UNIQUE_ID`` field, the output layer also contains the following fields:
       
       - ``gc_layerid``: the ID of the input layer.
       - ``gc_layername``: the name of the input layer.
       - ``gc_partidx``: the index of the feature's geometry part containing the small segment.
       - ``gc_ringidx``: the index of the feature's geometry ring containing the small segment.

>        - ``gc_vertidx``: the vertex index of the start vertex of the small segment.

Reviewer: Are you sure it is not the end vertex index?
```suggestion
       - ``gc_vertidx``: the index of the end vertex of the small segment in the input geometry.
```
